c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\obj\Debug\SSOAPP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\SSOAPP.dll.config
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\SSOAPP.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\SSOAPP.pdb
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\obj\Debug\SSOAPP.dll
c:\users\stephen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\obj\Debug\SSOAPP.pdb
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\SSOAPP.dll.config
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\SSOAPP.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\SSOAPP.pdb
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\obj\Debug\SSOAPP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\obj\Debug\SSOAPP.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\obj\Debug\SSOAPP.pdb
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\SingleSignOn\SSOAPP\SSOAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
